Richelle Direny: Hey Chris.
Chris Padrutt: How you doing,
Richelle Direny: I'm good. You know, it's been a while since I've seen you.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I know whole I haven't changed from now on, from
Richelle Direny: Tuesday to today.
Richelle Direny: But business has been holding up pretty well for you.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, same. O, same O
Richelle Direny: OK, let me look at your treatment.
Richelle Direny: I think what how often we meet now like once a month, right.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, like that's what you said.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. You know, honestly, Chris.
Richelle Direny: I think I'm thinking maybe we can
Richelle Direny: Answer this. I'm going to look at your goals here.
Richelle Direny: Have both you and your girlfriend are doing the Instacart.
Chris Padrutt: Not just me. She's a during the day she
Chris Padrutt: Works with auto parts stores.
Chris Padrutt: Just go out whenever she goes to work and
Chris Padrutt: It's been paying the bills.
Richelle Direny: How's your sister doing. I know you said like she was sick, right.
Chris Padrutt: She was hoping to get back to work today she was waiting for them to clear. So I heard forever, but it was supposed to be today she's supposed to go back
Richelle Direny: What she had and she a contract with the cronyism
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: How did she get the common already some kind of work, she
Chris Padrutt: Works in a nursing home.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK. I know with a lot of positive
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, a couple people died.
Chris Padrutt: She was squatting and shit. But I'm sure. Nobody listened to her because she's a hypochondriac, so
Chris Padrutt: But she had squawking about baby one. Let me get one lady tests that turned out she had, you know, she's probably kicked everything off there.
Chris Padrutt: But a
Richelle Direny: Cool. If you're there telling everybody and they don't want to
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, but she's a hypochondriac, so I don't blame them, you know,
Chris Padrutt: Like that every day.
Richelle Direny: But then as a hypochondriac. There's some truth to what you're saying.
Yeah.
Chris Padrutt: She got lucky. This one, one time, but
Richelle Direny: She got lucky. Does it sound like you don't even have mercy on her either
Richelle Direny: Your you don't have mercy. It's like she called wolf so many times, you're just like, whatever.
Chris Padrutt: I'll say, not in the her occasionally
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's see.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, and some of the things that we have talked about in the past.
Richelle Direny: Is that you wanted to work on being more present and avoid worrying about the future.
Richelle Direny: Or did you find yourself trying to be more in the present.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, yeah, I'm just
Chris Padrutt: Worried about what's in front of me and that's it and
Chris Padrutt: Not stress out about everything else.
Chris Padrutt: About
Richelle Direny: It so. So let me ask you this. And given that you have, you know, you're sleeping a lot better and use you can associate number one. And I think you
Richelle Direny: You did say that after getting those medications and getting enough or better sleep or a little bit more than you were getting in the past, you did find that things were looking a little bit up and then the second thing was
Richelle Direny: You know, being a you said that because people weren't as much people weren't out. But let's starting with the first, do you find that it helps a little
Richelle Direny: With being more present focus now that you've gotten a little bit of rest.
Richelle Direny: And help present focus
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, when you're tired, you tend to just focus on one time and
Chris Padrutt: You know, in the right in your head when you ain't get no sleep so
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Now, the other thing is I would, I would think, is that even especially the fact that you are about magic. And that's pretty controlled right
Chris Padrutt: Yeah yeah 30 years but
Richelle Direny: Even with, you know, the, the lack of rest and like the grouchiness and everything else that kind of comes with lack of rest because even that it's amazing how our body functions like one thing
Richelle Direny: One thing is off, it throws the rest of the body off and you would never think like that one thing would have thrown everything else off.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but, um, do you with that lack of sleep did it. Did you find it hard to somewhat control.
Richelle Direny: Your sugar levels or just even just having that under control fully on the control
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, that lack of sleep. Don't help that either. I mean,
Chris Padrutt: I've been dealing with that for so long. It's kind of
Richelle Direny: second nature.
Chris Padrutt: It does. It makes you fit you know when you're
Chris Padrutt: When you show there's high whatever you you feel like dog shit, I'm sure you're gonna be grumpy, but
Richelle Direny: What are your insulin dependent
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So overall, you, you just find that everything is kind of not what you would want it to be at this juncture of your life for where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: It's definitely better
Chris Padrutt: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's definitely better. Okay. Well, one of the things
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: I think I said in our last group, I don't think so. But one of the things like one of the things that we've been discussing.
Richelle Direny: And I think it goes right along kind of with one of these goals that talks about being more present focused on a word worrying about the future. It's
Richelle Direny: It's this little blurb here. Hold on, I still have it is this little worse. I said, sometimes you have to let go of the past and what you thought life would be like, and learn to enjoy the story that you're actually living in which, you know, talking about your life right now.
Richelle Direny: Being able to find a way to enjoy it. What
Richelle Direny: The past did it keeps or like what sometimes our minds allows us to go to the past and think about and lament. And really, truly focus on what or create this image in my in your mind of what you think life should be or work should be at this point in your life.
Richelle Direny: But with everything that's going on. You try so hard to kind of recreate that image or that picture of what your mind has created
Richelle Direny: How have you learned even during this time because you've come a long way. I mean, we've been meeting together for some months now and I have really definitely in the growth, your, your, your aspect is definitely much more brighter.
Richelle Direny: How are you finding joy or your definition of
Richelle Direny: Peace and stability.
Richelle Direny: In this part of your life and this juncture in this story as of the end says like, how are you are you finding that even keel.
Chris Padrutt: That's a
Chris Padrutt: Lot focus on focusing on
Chris Padrutt: The things that are further out.
Chris Padrutt: Things I can control anyway.
Chris Padrutt: Well, he said, living more in the now and
Chris Padrutt: I think that was probably one of my biggest things before was worried about other ship that put me in a different mode than I would have been and
Chris Padrutt: Now living in the now and just dealing with shape when it comes
Richelle Direny: It's funny the way you say it sounds like I was telling someone in a group, earlier I said for one listening to what you're saying. They may say
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's real easy for you to say that, but not knowing that that statement is loaded because you had gone through a lot to get to that point of saying, I just need to live in the now.
Richelle Direny: It's just like, Okay, I come to this place where I'm saying
Richelle Direny: I have to live in the now because I was always living in the past or the what ifs or what I could have done different or what I want to control or
Richelle Direny: When you've been living in that so long and you've come to that that place of awareness and ultimate acceptance of I can't do anything rather pass. I can't really do a whole lot about the future. I can only control right now.
Richelle Direny: That's all I can control, nothing else.
Richelle Direny: So it goes to one of the big things.
Richelle Direny: Even going along with this to some degree. When you think
Richelle Direny: You know the song, and everybody curse. Everybody knows
Richelle Direny: I'm sure you know this.
Richelle Direny: I can see clearly. Now the rain is gone. I can see all the obstacles in my way.
Richelle Direny: It's gonna be a bright, bright sunshiny day it's you. When you think about those words. It's when you think about it, can you identify
Richelle Direny: Maybe the storm that you were in that you can say that you're out now and you're seeing all the obstacles in your way.
Chris Padrutt: Just
Chris Padrutt: Just focus on other shit.
Chris Padrutt: And
Chris Padrutt: Yes, it's
Chris Padrutt: That was what was bothering me before is even though I've tried to do some of these things on my own and
Chris Padrutt: You know,
Chris Padrutt: Try to have another relationship with my kids open
Chris Padrutt: The dumb shit and her heads subsided, or
Chris Padrutt: Whatever you know
Chris Padrutt: Going, going into it failing grade and vegetables more dumb shit.
Chris Padrutt: So instead of always being repetitive nonsense.
Chris Padrutt: Don't think about it anymore, you know,
Chris Padrutt: Least amount that you know okay
Richelle Direny: So is it till then, is it that you don't think about it anymore or you've just come to realization that I have no control over it, so I'm not going to
Richelle Direny: Worry myself or stress myself over it because I have no control over it.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, that
Chris Padrutt: 40 times prior chilling will change. You know, you
Chris Padrutt: People what they all are in, I
Chris Padrutt: Mean, people can change the most people don't
Richelle Direny: And you're absolutely right. People can change. The question is, are they want to. Are they willing to and you sure can't make them change. They have to come to that reality on their own right.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like in therapy. I mean, each of us have to come to reality and accept the what, you know, it is what it is. I mean it's it's your choice. If you want to let go of the past or
Richelle Direny: You know, look towards having a brighter future by living in the present and dealing with the president is really up to you.
Richelle Direny: And so, so when you look back at the storm that you were in and kind of what kept you in the storm when you found that willpower to come out of it. Um,
Richelle Direny: What what what
Richelle Direny: What do. Can you identify that gave you that willpower to come out of it.
Chris Padrutt: I think
Chris Padrutt: That having the sleep, you know, not feeling as bad as I'm physically as it normally do.
Chris Padrutt: And
Chris Padrutt: You know, realize lessons don't change so
Richelle Direny: But, but getting that sleep giving that mind dress was what was able to allow you to come to that determination that you know what I'm fighting for is not going to change. It's making me more tired to fight.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Now, when in living in the now.
Richelle Direny: And in your now what's in your circle right now it's just you and your girlfriend. Is that correct,
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, we got a little garden out back aren't a mom like to do flowers in the yard and
Chris Padrutt: So we pretty much on a nice days that we're not working around the you're doing shit or
Richelle Direny: And and do you find joy in just spending that quality time with her, whether it's gardening, whatever, whatever it is.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, definitely. One
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And you said to her mom so her mom is very involved in your life.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, she lives. She lives with us.
Richelle Direny: And how was that for you because I know in your past relations.
Chris Padrutt: Oh yeah, she's fine. She's
Chris Padrutt: You know she does her own thing and
Chris Padrutt: You know, occasionally does stuff but you know might want to come to a store with us or something.
Chris Padrutt: But it's not anytime
Richelle Direny: Completely night and day.
Chris Padrutt: More normal, you know,
Richelle Direny: Was it I'm coming into that situation. Was it a little bit scarier for you.
Chris Padrutt: Know I'm more in a mindset now.
Chris Padrutt: I'll try to
Chris Padrutt: Dance through the bullshit. You know, if it's not working. It's not working. I mean,
Richelle Direny: They became a straight shooter before you sugar coated it now he's just like, whatever. Boom. There you go. You with you like it. You like you don't you don't
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha. Hey, you know what it is what it is. And like you said, it's very important to TV and now you have your
Richelle Direny: Who was I heard say say this, Well they, the way they put it, it's that if you you have one foot in the past and one in the future, your piston in the present.
Richelle Direny: Because it really is you what's within the presence
Richelle Direny: Nothing. So you have to stay in the present. Enjoy the presence
Richelle Direny: You know, right, you're still begin your story in the present right you're storing in the presence. What are you enjoying today.
Richelle Direny: And knowing that we've been, you know, working together for a little while now and just even see you
Richelle Direny: I'm not necessarily Lion King a whole lot of, um, you know, interactions with others and doing all of that to see how
Chris Padrutt: I don't mind interactions with people.
Chris Padrutt: Genuine interactions. You know, I don't
Chris Padrutt: Like people's
Chris Padrutt: Pretending that you're not and
Chris Padrutt: You know,
Richelle Direny: We're always going to find that you're always going to find those people who weren't your phone.
Chris Padrutt: And I just
Chris Padrutt: I just keep them at arm's
Richelle Direny: Distance. Mr. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You find that a lot new always you continue to find that
Richelle Direny: But it's still, it's still comes down to
Richelle Direny: You know, either way. Either way, I'm just saying, generally speaking.
Richelle Direny: In this time that we've been together, you still, even with some bout of depression, somehow, a lot of it having anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Or what have you, seeing how persistent. You were in going out there to find something to do, to have a little bit of stimulation mental and physical stimulation outside of just being home and being just kind of sitting there and thinking about the what ifs and the past and
Richelle Direny: The not having your children.
Richelle Direny: In the same proximity as you and not being able to speak to them but you found a way. So, like, to me, especially with everyone that I meet
Richelle Direny: In this this setting.
Richelle Direny: Hey,
Richelle Direny: CHRIS, DID IT OR everyone else to do it because it took a lot. And I'm sure it took a lot for you to go out there and do what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: It. Listen, Chris. Our first interaction. You had to have gone like through a pack of cigarettes with our interaction.
Richelle Direny: Now, I was surprised that even see you smoking one
Richelle Direny: So, you know, I want you to speak to that, like that anxiety, like what has decreased that anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Because I know you didn't really like this whole setting for it in the beginning, but um what decrease that
Chris Padrutt: Know,
Chris Padrutt: Sleep and get to know you, you know, you're generally try to help you know genuinely trying to help people not just I've talked to a lot of
Chris Padrutt: counselors and psychiatrists, the
Chris Padrutt: Dots somebody for five minutes and tell if they're
Chris Padrutt: Just there for the paycheck and
Chris Padrutt: So I think that helped and
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm saying, Boy, Chris there a cup cut back on that spoke in
Richelle Direny: So, but that's good, that's good. Like, I really look forward to meeting you with this smile on your face each and every time.
Richelle Direny: And that now I'm actually seeing you all the time and you try to make an effort for us to see you all the time. And now you're participating in the group. So, I mean, it definitely speaks volumes to how far you've come. Hold on, let me see what else I need to check in here.
Richelle Direny: And the other thing that we we had mentioned in terms of what you were working towards is a more positive mindset as you continue to process the anger and resentment towards the past and that's another thing.
Richelle Direny: I think, as you said, it speaks to you, I'm sure, without even realizing it, that
Richelle Direny: By thinking a little bit more positive. I mean, again, outside of the fact that you're saying that you have gotten that you're getting the rest because you're taking what is it the circle right it's the circle that helps
Chris Padrutt: You sleep.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so, and how many hours are you sleeping at night.
Chris Padrutt: I'm still a slave and about three or four but
Richelle Direny: It's better than
Chris Padrutt: Again, three or four maybe once a month if that
Richelle Direny: Um, so with um now with the three or four hours of sleep per night.
Richelle Direny: Did Dr. Jamison increase
Chris Padrutt: Yeah we uh she pretty much let me
Chris Padrutt: pick whatever was working on that and
Chris Padrutt: I could probably take more sleep longer, but it's a real groggy feeling
Chris Padrutt: The next day, so it kind of messes with my brain a little bit
Chris Padrutt: Falling asleep just feels like it's hard to breathe. If you take more than
Richelle Direny: Actually, gosh.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, I tried it. I played around with it then.
Chris Padrutt: It must go, stick with what where it's at now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. OK, and
Chris Padrutt: From a medical is my shoulders. It's waking me up on me. Oh, OK.
Chris Padrutt: I will turn just because something could knock me out for longer doesn't mean, I'd be, you know,
Chris Padrutt: They're just not doing nothing with that as far as
Chris Padrutt: You know it's Medicaid. So they're go through six months of physical therapy before eating. I'll give you an MRI.
Richelle Direny: Did you you you fell in her attritional you
Chris Padrutt: Know, it was just from working in the warehouse for
Chris Padrutt: full year.
Chris Padrutt: You know,
Richelle Direny: So it's more of a strain.
Chris Padrutt: On the X ray
Chris Padrutt: On my worst fail and shoulder
Chris Padrutt: It's curved the way down.
Is not
Chris Padrutt: As much as it was shoulder. It's kind of like that so
Chris Padrutt: So that might be causing a lot of it, but
Richelle Direny: So what did they say what what can be done to rectify where it doesn't find is painful.
Chris Padrutt: Know if I'm they they've given me.
Chris Padrutt: creams and and inflammatories and stuff like that. When till I finish going through all this crap and actually get an MRI. Once I get an MRI on they're going to see this told her up, you know,
Chris Padrutt: And
Chris Padrutt: Like I've had
Chris Padrutt: surgery on my elbow and
Chris Padrutt: I don't know if
Chris Padrutt: My bounds are awake or what, but I don't have problems breaking any fine but pieces of my elbow. You got the ball and you got to cut part pieces of the ball big hunks of it were broke off of it just floating around in my elbow.
Chris Padrutt: Um, they had to go in there and clean it all out and chef, but
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, I'm just waiting to
Chris Padrutt: You know, jump through all the hoops to
Chris Padrutt: See like decent saw my shoulders.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, I was gonna think you know you can't you can't do a contract, you just have to go with getting an MRI and see what best to do to help because when you lay down. I'm sure it hurts more when you're laying down
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, like during the day. There's always I'm not doing things over my head and
Chris Padrutt: Are straight out in front of me like laying it over working on a car.
Chris Padrutt: Really doesn't bother me a whole lot through the day.
Chris Padrutt: But it seems like at night. That's when it gets in, it gets flying it'll actually my arms will go to sleep.
Chris Padrutt: And unless I stand up.
Chris Padrutt: You know the pain doesn't go away and it always subside to I laid back down and does off and to kick back in. Sometimes it's the worst pain like I've never cried because the pain, but this
Chris Padrutt: Has been so bad it's brought a tear to my
Richelle Direny: Family like
Richelle Direny: You're really if it's really bad. That means that there's something pressing against something that needs to be addressed.
Richelle Direny: You know, like you said, the sad truth is when you don't have the right insurance. It doesn't make things go much quicker.
Richelle Direny: So, and there's not a whole lot of
Richelle Direny: You doesn't mess.
Chris Padrutt: Around with us.
Chris Padrutt: Insurance, but decent insurance is hard to find.
Richelle Direny: Well, nowadays, it is and that's kind of neurologists, right. That's what you call the nerve doctor right and neurologists
Richelle Direny: With the ones that deal with the nerve because it may be. It could also be like the nerves and different things that might be
Chris Padrutt: Well, I can't even
Chris Padrutt: You got to get referrals from
Richelle Direny: Yeah, with Medicaid, you have to get referrals from your primary doctor
Richelle Direny: Go to the specialist
Richelle Direny: Yes. And then there's jumping hoops in that and and I remember in the past. That was some of your frustration is when recommendations are make made, but then you have to jump through all these hoops, just to get to where you're going. And that's just really frustrating within itself.
Richelle Direny: So I, I do agree with that. But, you know, yeah, if it's really bad. You don't want to
Chris Padrutt: That's another thing that was on the getting sleep part of it. I was dealing with that a bunch of psychiatry is that
Chris Padrutt: Are giving me the same shit over again. And I'm telling them it's not work and
Chris Padrutt: I'm glad that she actually took the time to listen and try something different.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Chris Padrutt: At least they will get some sleep. So I felt like I'm a little bit of progress.
Richelle Direny: I think there was one session where I was like okay, he's a little bit more intense than usual. So maybe we can read out three shots of the doctor and see if you know the lack of sleep, and I so the nice segue.
Richelle Direny: About
Richelle Direny: Working in a psychiatric facility.
Richelle Direny: Was a lot of people. And for me, seeing firsthand what lack of sleep does
Richelle Direny: Lack of sleep makes a person psychotic
Richelle Direny: And some for some people. I seen them display some superhuman strength because of its Chris you LAUGH But listen, I have seen some friends.
Richelle Direny: And and it was all because of lack of sleep.
Richelle Direny: When a person hasn't slept in days, it just throws everything off, you start seeing things. I mean it is I have seen people do some strange things
Richelle Direny: When you know what's funny when you finally give them that medication to somewhat shut their system down for it.
Richelle Direny: Somewhat kind of forces them to go to sleep. It calms them down to the point where you go to sleep, and they go to sleep for like a whole day or two, and they don't wake up.
Richelle Direny: When they wake up and you tell them what they were doing. They're like, No, there's no way i don't like if I could have recorded, you would have seen what you were doing.
Richelle Direny: And they're like, there's no way I would never
Richelle Direny: I've seen a person. It was a guy. He had superhuman shirt like five people on top of him trying to pin him down to like give him this medication. He gets up, he throws them off. It was ridiculous. And the next day, it was, it wasn't the next day or sometime after that.
Richelle Direny: He own. Yes, ma'am. No, ma'am, Mr a quota is this the same person talking to me because that's not how you were talking yesterday.
Richelle Direny: So it's in lack of sleep does a whole does I'm saying one thing can just throw the body completely off. And so the other thing that I'm thinking to maybe the intensity in terms of you know your your shoulders hurting
Richelle Direny: How is your mattress that you're sleeping on because I'm telling you they saw the worst mattresses in town.
Chris Padrutt: Oh, it's this has been going on for three years now. So it's been several different mattresses and
Chris Padrutt: Swiss sitting up is about the best sleep. I get it.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna I'm gonna throw it out there.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna throw it out there and I'm Chris. I've been through a few mattress Emma bad. Listen, my backfill her
Richelle Direny: Pastor, and I've been through some mattresses and you spend money on mattresses and it's just like, I need to get well you know kind of metrics. I really needing it is the ones that will open to sleep on the little ones that you cannot have hydraulics in it.
Chris Padrutt: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm telling you a mattress could because a lot of these masters, they sell a whole lot these days you spend a lot of money on it and it's not ideal. I think the best we've ever
Richelle Direny: The best painlessly if I'm ever had, surprisingly, was in a hospital bed.
Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Why you think it's a hospital bed.
Chris Padrutt: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Because remember, you can adjust it.
Chris Padrutt: Well,
Richelle Direny: You can adjust it so your adjusted so your body gets its cooking dinner. Some of the hospitals, the mattress and it's a little thicker so you adjusted to conform to your body. And it's, it makes it
Richelle Direny: So your mattress could not to say there's nothing wrong with your shoulder. But what can aid in the pain at night. It's the mattress. If the mattress is not right then.
Chris Padrutt: That can definitely set up, but definitely Oh, because that's
Chris Padrutt: I got one of the, it's a
Chris Padrutt: Little kind of wraps around you, a little bit. It's meant to
Chris Padrutt: Set up the back against it. I got that pill up against that and so
Richelle Direny: Just kind of prop you yeah to kind of prop you up.
Richelle Direny: To be in a comfortable position, but I you know that that is another thing because
Richelle Direny: You can think about everything in the world. But until you've experienced certain pain, you try to start ruling out and sometimes the things that are proper the problems to
Richelle Direny: The answers to some of our problems is ruling out the simplest little things, who would who would know that one of the issues you are having was the lack of sleep and not going because you weren't getting enough sleep, it was keeping you kind of in the super
Richelle Direny: You've been through three years, but three three.
Chris Padrutt: Was when I was working and had days and insurance. I've always my whole life. I've had problems sleeping.
Chris Padrutt: But I was working
Chris Padrutt: Third shift and
Chris Padrutt: They got a medication for
Chris Padrutt: Supposed to help people sleep when they're on a third shift schedule.
Chris Padrutt: A dog. I thought it was a good idea and everything, but
Chris Padrutt: Phuket insurance wouldn't pay for
Chris Padrutt: Everything else at night just write stuff to try to help me slightly, but none of it worked or didn't
Chris Padrutt: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I think when you work when a baby comes into the world, what do you teach him to sleep when
Richelle Direny: When are they supposed to really sleep.
Chris Padrutt: Nothing really.
Richelle Direny: Know when you when you think about when you're coming to this world.
Richelle Direny: We're trained you sleep at night because that's what night is made for and you're up.
Richelle Direny: You're up during the day.
Richelle Direny: The one thing I can attest, I can attest to
Richelle Direny: But when you work third shift you never truly your body never really gets adjusted
Richelle Direny: To, you know, the opposite. It never gets adjusted to it because we're the ones that's forcing it to do.
Richelle Direny: Opposite than what it's designed to do you rest at night. That's why you have a night where the world shuts down your body shuts down
Richelle Direny: The day where the world is awake and that's the reason why if you try to sleep during the day, you kind of have to close your blinds and close everything and make it dark. So your mind thinks is time to go to sleep.
Richelle Direny: So when you try to change that. I remember in school when I was younger and I worked at night and I had to. I left work at like seven in the morning I went to
Richelle Direny: Class, and when I say Chris the sleep was kicking into overdrive. And I'm like sitting right in front of the teacher and my eyes were shutting down like it was it was kicking into true overdrive.
Richelle Direny: And she was like, I think she was like also somebody serotonin was going into overdrive because I guess that's what they call the different chemicals in your body.
Richelle Direny: In shape. And then I said, man.
Richelle Direny: And she was like, and she. That's how I learned this concept. She says, your body is not naturally designed
Richelle Direny: To stay awake all night. And when you force it, it becomes it's overload. Because now, your body is fighting it needs sending off these it's releasing these hormones.
Richelle Direny: To saying you need to sleep you need to sleep you need to sleep. And that's why these you get fatigued, or you get like grouchy and all of this stuff because your body is saying you need to sleep you need to sleep.
Richelle Direny: So when you finally try to go to sleep. It's hard to fall asleep, because you have all these hormones that were released in your body.
Richelle Direny: And now you're fighting it to start a kind of calm down to allow you to sleep or to allow your mind to shut down. So naturally
Richelle Direny: I think over the years. We don't do what our, our bodies are naturally designed to do we teach it to do the very opposite. And when our body starts to fight against us.
Richelle Direny: We fight back, and the body is saying, No, you're fighting me to do something. I'm not designed to do. This is what I'm designed to do. And so giving someone medication to do the contrary of it, then what happens, what are some of the side effects to on that.
Richelle Direny: So it's like you really think you know hey I listened, by no means am I ever saying never to take your medication that you're describing, but sometimes you have to stop to think about it.
Chris Padrutt: Was one of my side. I never
Chris Padrutt: Never. You should go to the doctor ever
Chris Padrutt: Like my elbow or
Chris Padrutt: Stitches or something like that, but
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, so then you're fighting your body you're taking the doctor says all take this pill. You can help you to stay awake at night and then you take it and then you're
Richelle Direny: Then you're. What is the side effect to that. And then how does it affect you in the long run, and then
Richelle Direny: You know, all these different ailments that comes along the way. Because of the fact that you were fighting your body to do something and then you're wondering, oh, why did I get this. Why did I get that. Well, remember when you were doing this. So it's, it's, you have to
Richelle Direny: Listen to what your body is telling you and kind of go with that and just understand. Is it because I'm working more hours than I really need to. And I'm over exerting myself I'm is it that
Richelle Direny: I'm whatever it is that you're doing to your body and your body is saying, No, I know you can't do this. You can do this and you're fighting against it.
Richelle Direny: So, and all of this affects your psyche. You don't think it's affecting your psyche. But all of this affects your psyche
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, those are things to look at. And so now that you're retraining yourself.
Richelle Direny: To get sleep care for yourself, even in a more holistic natural way because the reality of it now. We're all quarantine. We really can't go out there and do as we please Like before, so in even think about it, Chris.
Richelle Direny: You take medication, whatever it is that you're doing and you're eating a lot of these hormone filled and chemical souls are generated foods that we're eating that's having an impact on you.
Richelle Direny: So now you're retraining and you're saying, Hey, let's grow our own vegetable garden and you eat from the fact of your land that you've and so now you're feeling a whole lot better. So those are the things and you wonder, you know, what's really going on stopping and thinking
Richelle Direny: What's, what's making me feel better and it helps you now to kind of re shift into refocus where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: What do you think
Chris Padrutt: I hope we all learn some from all you know I don't think we need to be packed on top of each other all the day on time and but I don't think we will. I've noticed that already. And people they like the niceness and so subsided, and now people's ass holding this is coming back out and
Chris Padrutt: I'll tell you some of the worst ones are old people, you know, I'm at the stores all day. Normally, old people just do their own thing and
Chris Padrutt: People are offering the hell and you know babe knowledge to
Chris Padrutt: For some reason here last couple weeks, though, cut right in front of you to get in line, you know, cut you off.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, well, what, why do you think that is why do you think that is and I think about these the poor old people. Why do you think that is
Chris Padrutt: I don't know. People are just assholes anyone
Chris Padrutt: I don't know why the old people are
Richelle Direny: set in their ways. That's just number one.
Chris Padrutt: I'll probably be a lot more bad Rob hold
Richelle Direny: And then the number to remember what was the first thing that you heard about the coven 19 who is the number one.
Richelle Direny: The, the old people. So now. Hey, listen, I tried it. I mean granted, even though I'm 95 I'm not trying to go out like this.
Richelle Direny: So they're saying, I don't want to catch this, so if they're opening the source, allow me to get in.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's, it's, um, I saw this meme where the same thing with old people, I think it was like BJ. The, the wholesale store where all these people
Richelle Direny: Were all these old people were standing in front of the store and this guy was pushing his younger guy was pushing his way past to get to the front.
Richelle Direny: And when he got there some old person hit him and told him. Get back. Get back. So then he goes back to each. He makes his way back to the front.
Richelle Direny: Another old person beats him up and tells him to go to the back. He makes his way back again to the front, and he was somebody said something he was like if y'all stop. He's. What did he say if you don't start finding me let me open the door so y'all could get in because
Richelle Direny: The guy was trying to open the store to let them in.
But they refuse
Richelle Direny: To go in
Chris Padrutt: Oh, that's funny.
Richelle Direny: But a lot of them. They're just scared they're just scared. So now here it is that they give them the opportunity, go in and get what you need to get and then leave and then the rest of the general population. But then the thing is
Richelle Direny: If you got like 20 oh people going in there. Remember, they all have phone got something they stick with something
Richelle Direny: So they just sharing it with each other. They're not thinking that they're just thinking, let me hurry up and get in there and let me get out. So that's probably why a lot of them are grouchy because a lot of them are very, very they're terrified.
Richelle Direny: They're terrified of contracting. It's simply because
Richelle Direny: In the initially they said that the population that was being affected by the greatest was the elderly population.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, no. You don't want to give them an excuse to being nasty because a lot of them are already nasty, but some like at this point in time. It's trying to understand they're playing. Yeah.
Chris Padrutt: So how is pulling up to the place called Holly's. It's like an odd laws is a discount store.
Chris Padrutt: We're pulling up, get out of the car walking in and there's this
Chris Padrutt: She's probably 4050 years old got little wheel behind car, you know, and
Chris Padrutt: She looks like.
Chris Padrutt: Anybody else you know random person and all sudden here comes a guy come running out of the store.
Chris Padrutt: She goes,
Chris Padrutt: I got coven I'll cough audio.
Chris Padrutt: stole a bunch of shit anyway rip it all out of her bed. Well, I grabbed a bunch of it, but he said she made off of a bunch of other stuff, but it was funny as hell, she said.
Richelle Direny: She stole a bunch of stuff.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Oh my god. We see people you see how many people are so ridiculous.
Richelle Direny: People are so ridiculous, but, you know, hey, what can you do about that can't do anything about that and people are people. You just have to
Richelle Direny: Let me just think about me, let me think about my own sanity. Let me find my own joy, where I'm not getting angry and I'm not, you know, getting all bent out of shape for things that you don't have no control over and let me just stay in the presence so
Richelle Direny: Okay, Chris. So it's always a pleasure meeting with you. Let me try to schedule, you're going to schedule you for sometime in
Richelle Direny: June.
Richelle Direny: Hopefully by June.
Richelle Direny: We've been, you know, we're back out hearing anywhere else.
Chris Padrutt: I think it was, oh yeah khaki and I think room you hit real hard come wintertime.
Chris Padrutt: It's gonna fade off for a little bit. People know you're cocky and then
Chris Padrutt: One flu season kicks in. That's gonna kick back in with it.
Richelle Direny: Well, they did say that there. I did hear something like that that in the winter.
Richelle Direny: It should work in the fall. They said it will start back up again.
Chris Padrutt: They've been warning about these crowd of ours is for years, you know, and
Chris Padrutt: You know, climate change, getting, you know, more mature it's going, it's going to happen more than
Chris Padrutt: Like these every hundred year flood that are happening every three years.
Chris Padrutt: We're going to be the Science Time with
Chris Padrutt: shit like this.
Richelle Direny: main things I think are only happening. You're definitely right. We can't plan for it.
Chris Padrutt: I'm not worried about it any
Chris Padrutt: Government they shared about it and we're responding like a third world country now and
Richelle Direny: What hey I could tell you this, people from third world countries who who
Richelle Direny: Are experiencing this they're saying, hey,
Richelle Direny: Know, we've been through worse.
Richelle Direny: We've seen worse. We've experienced worse.
Richelle Direny: Alright then, Chris. I'm going to book you for June 23 but that date is the it's a a Tuesday for
For
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I mean, of course, I mean that's a whole two months from now, so I will
Chris Padrutt: Understand changes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. What do you usually come to the eight o'clock group where you go, you kind of, sometimes you go within a day or you come at night.
Chris Padrutt: Eight o'clock usually work.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you don't you go to group. How often do you go to group now.
Chris Padrutt: I'm thinking it's supposed to be every other week but
Chris Padrutt: Did I miss one, the one
Chris Padrutt: I thought I missed one. I might not have
Chris Padrutt: So I just gonna come to an extra one but
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So,
Chris Padrutt: Normally, though it's every other week.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So you came on.
Chris Padrutt: Once a month.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you come this seven and then you came the when
Richelle Direny: You didn't get you didn't miss a week.
Chris Padrutt: Yeah, so I was just gonna come the next week, then there's no money.
Chris Padrutt: When I
Richelle Direny: Screwed up
Richelle Direny: You said every other week well for this month you came twice this month.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you came twice this one.
Richelle Direny: If it's every other week. You came the first Tuesday of the month, which is the seventh and then you came, the third Tuesday, which is the 21st. So if it's every other week, your next one is in in June. I mean, I didn't June in May.
Richelle Direny: In May, so you're, you're good.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Crystal. I will see you next time in group.
Chris Padrutt: Pretty sure
Richelle Direny: I have a good one.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye.